{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12680\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 hello!\
gr\'fczi!\
\
I do hope you remember me!\
ich hoffe, dass du noch errinnsch mir!\
\
I apologize that I haven't been in touch.\
s tut mir leid, dass i bi nuut in Kontakt gsi.\
\
indeed my birthday was on the 29th of may\'85\
stimmt, mini geburri ist am 29st Mai gsi\'85\
\
sorry that it's taken me so long to get back to you.\
nomals, s tut mir leid, dass ich ha dir nuut zur\'fcck gshitckt!\
\
I moved to Bern!\
i ha no dr Barn z\'f6gled!\
\
it's wonderful here. the culture is wonderful, and the job is rewarding.\
hier, s isch mega sch\'f6: dr kultur isch fein, und i bi mega zfriede mit mini arbeit.\
\
I still miss schaffhausen, though!\
trozt, i vrmisse dr schaf\'fc\'fcse no!\
\
it was my home for a long time; and I consider the people who were a part of my life there to be my family.\
s isch mini hei f\'fcrs ganz l\'e4nge ziit; und i glaubs, dass dr luut im mini lebe da gsi, sind mini familien, ohne fr\'e4g.\
\
yourself included! :)\
dir selber! :)\
\
I hope finds you in good health! when I visit Schaffhausen next, I would love to finally grab that beer we always talked about! :)\
i hoffs, dass alle isch guet bei dir! mir m\'fcnd useri bier \'fcbercho, dr n\'e4schte mau ich bi im schaf\'fc\'fcse! :)\
\
Cheers,\
LG,\
\
Mike\
Michi\
\
PS, I only had to look at google twice to write this! :)\
PS, i ha nur zwei mau am google gelueget, zu dass schriibe! :)}